feat(editing-support): Add mcphub.nvim (#1401)
AstroNvim/astrocommunity: lua/astrocommunity/editing-support/mcphub-nvim/README.md

# Mcphub.nvim

> A powerful Neovim plugin that integrates MCP (Model Context Protocol) servers into your workflow. Configure and manage MCP servers through a centralized config file while providing an intuitive UI for browsing, installing and testing tools and resources. Perfect for LLM integration, offering both programmatic API access and interactive testing capabilities through the :MCPHub command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A powerful Neovim plugin for managing MCP (Model Context Protocol) servers
```
